In the last video, we discussed the pros and cons of option number three.
So this is the option that we're going to go with.
There's a lot of changes we need to make in several locations to implement this entire flow.
So we need to make changes to the content service and the query service.
We also need to create the moderation service.
I think we should get started by creating the moderation service for right now.
It's a good place to get started.
We're just going to worry about putting together a little bit of boilerplate for the project in this
video, and in the next video we'll start to add in all these additional events and add in some code
to handle them as well.
So let's get to it.
We're going to create this new moderation service.
To get started, I'm going to flip back over to my terminal.
I'm going to open up yet another terminal window, which I've already got right here inside of my blog
project directory.
And inside there, I'll make a new folder called Moderation.
Well, then change into that directory.
I'm going to maximize this terminal window really quick.
Just you can see this very easily.
All the other terminal windows are still running.
I'm just using a hot key to maximize that one window.
Inside if you're going to generate a new package json file with npm init.
Why?
And then, as we've done several times before, we're going to install a couple of dependencies.
So I'm going to get Axios.
Express node.
And in this case we do not need cause because we are not going to have our front end application make
any direct request to this moderation service.
So the course module not required this time around.
So I'm going to install that stuff.
And after that's all done.
There we go.
I'm going to pop that turtle window back into this tile.
We're not going to start up the server just yet.
Let's go and write a little bit of code and we'll come back over and start up that additional service.
So I'm going to go to my editor.
Here's the new moderation directory.
Inside there, I'll make a new file called Index Indexes.
And then at the very top.
Let's add in some different require statements.
So I'm going to get express.
I'm going to get body parts, sir.
And I'll get Axios.
Well, then once again create a new express application and wire up the body parser middleware.
So I'll make sure I call JSON as a function.
All right.
So what does this service really need to do?
Well, all this service does is watch for events.
It's just going to watch for that event we mentioned.
So comment created.
Whenever we see comment created, the moderation service is going to need to emit the comment moderated
event.
So we really just need all we need inside this thing is one root handler, just a single root handler
for that slash event's endpoint that we already set up previously inside of Comments Query and our post
service as well.
So inside of here, we're going to add an app post or events.
We'll then take our rec and rez like.
So we'll come back to that root handler in just a moment.
First, let's make sure that our app actually starts listing on some port.
Now at this point in time, we've got several different ports in use.
So as a reminder, we've got 4004 posts, 4001 for comments, 4000, two for what is this, the query
service?
And we'll use 4003 for moderation.
So we will do app dot.
Listen.
4003.
And inside of here, I'll do a console.log.
Listing on 4003.
Okay.
Before putting together any implementation on this post event or post route handler right there, let's
set up our package JSON file with the script and just make sure that we can run this thing successfully
at our terminal.
Here's my package JSON file.
I will delete that existing test script and replace it with a start.
And we'll do note index dogs.
Okay.
That looks pretty good.
Let's go and run this project.
So I'll go back over to my terminal once again.
I'm going to find that terminal window that's going to be in charge of running our moderation service.
There it is right there.
And inside there, I'll do an RPM start.
Okay.
There we go.
So we've now got many different services running for our application.
Definitely.
Hey, you know, this is of course, about microservices.
So yeah, we're going to create a lot of services just to understand how to create them all and get
them all working together.
It looks like that is running on Port 4003 and we've got a good start to this moderation service.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to start to add in some implementation for the events
handler right here and make sure that any time we see an event of type comment created, we do some
moderation on it and then eventually emit this comment.
Moderated Event Intern.
So quick pause.
Take care of that in just a moment.